It's a good resource is to look at while starting out. Remember, the chief
of Naval operations? CNO has his recommended reading list. Secretary
of Defense. I have not seen his reading list lately because the
Secretary of Defense is acting at this point, but he will come out
with his reading list. And most of the admirals and generals Common
war. You know, we'll have a reading list. Okay, I read that. Okay.
Uh, General Patton War to General Patton. What he wanted to West Point
Had he survived a war to be sent back there. Leave West Point General
one everyone to study history, history. History was not interested
in engineering. And that's that's very fascinating to hear from
General Patton, because he is the one that learned on his own how to
move a tank. And that was a technological innovation from one World
War Two. Let's create And everything else was built around the tech.
He learnt the tank, and yet he professes history. Read your history,
learn the art of warfare because with every new technological innovation,
you still have to have men and women behind that innovation
to implement a strategy to implement the art of warfare that has a
change. So study warfare, study your tactics, study your procedures.
Weren't those